Enhanced clustered-instance mode documentation (#506)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/server/config_sample_php_parameters.adoc

....

=== Define ownCloud operation modes
This defines the mode of operations. The default value is `single-instance`
which means that ownCloud is running on a single node, which might be the
most common operations mode. The only other possible value for now is
`clustered-instance` which means that ownCloud is running on at least 2
nodes. The mode of operations has various impact on the behavior of ownCloud.
The primary impact is that clustered instances won't download apps form the 
marketplace and install in one server. Instead the admin has to ensure that

> this happens manually on all servers. Some applies to config.php configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this happens manually on all servers. The same applies to config.php configuration
```
